and we're rolling and welcome to the
appliance show I'm Jonathon here at
Curtis and welcome to the place where
it's all about the dispensation of
accurate clear and concise appliance
information the water's warm folks come
on take a dip we are going to talk about
dishwashers bosch 800 series dishwashers
the bass dishwashers available in North
America why why devote a segment to this
here's a deal I am seeing crazy traction
on these models
you
they rolled out the new dishwashers last
summer and the 800 plus models are
absolute I mean they're beasts you know
why do they why do they operate this
rarefied air I mean here's the bottom
line the nine which would either be the
sh x nine integrated controls hidden
controls integrated or the sh e nine
which actually is my personal favorite
that does have controls in the front
these dishwashers chime in at thirty
nine decibels if the quietest dishwasher
in this country they're the most energy
efficient as far as kilowatt usage water
consumption incredible incredible
dishwashers so when I'm seeing is you
have these three different models you
got the seven you have the eight you
have the nine now I'm seeing playing the
seven because the seven is the price
point the nine is the Beast and people
you want best dishwasher the country
they're rolling with that the eight is
like the eight is suffering from middle
child syndrome in my opinion because it
just doesn't I'm not selling any and
some some of my some of my buds out
there who I've chatted with of told me
they're not really getting much play on
the eight either but it's a killer
dishwasher it's better than the seven
it's just you know view does it really
make sense in suspending that X amount
of you know more dollars and you're just
getting something that's a little bit
quieter you know a couple bells and
whistles but not all that much so what's
really I want to focus on breaking down
the seven to the nine because that's
where the axe the seven ready comes in
at forty two decibels and as far as the
energy consumption I think I think it's
a bad like 250 I'm not mistaken and if
I'm wrong you're gonna see something's
going across the screen now and in post
edit it has five wash cycles and of
course it has the third rack up top then
nine has that's a that chimes into
thirty nine decibels again the quietest
dishwasher available in the States
so going from a forty two in the seven
to a thirty nine and a nine from what
some audio engineers have told me it's
basically doubling the noise in the
dishwasher when you start going up by a
decibel or two so there's a difference
there and sound the nine also uses
barely over 200 kilowatts per year so
that is definitely the most energy
dishwasher available the nine also has
one more wah cycle than the seven so I
believe that is actually no I know it's
a glass care cycle so if you're
particularly anal stitious about your
glasses your right dolls or whatever you
own you want to roll with the nine they
both have China cycles in case that's
important and the other thing that the
nine offers that the seven doesn't is a
30-minute Express cycle okay so for
those who entertain and they want to
take some things and out of the party
and refreshed and clean and bring them
back out the 30-minute wash cycle will
be for you
the best illustration let's say that I
could I could create for the nine is e
this is a Porsche this is an absolute
beast it's an animal of a dishwasher and
if I could take a portion like fold it
into a deterrent transformer
metamorphosize it into a dishwasher this
is what it would be I mean the
performance the uber of German Teutonic
crazy laser you know precision
engineering it's all in this model and I
can tell you I've sold the number we
sold three of them here in the last two
days and you know people and actually
coupled those were referrals some
friends - what purchase did back in the
fall and people are just like this is
sick I mean an absolutely incredible
incredible dishwasher so another post
series that's what you want to do and
remember these are the dishwashers that
truly truly truly how hold that Bosch
lineage because these are the
dishwashers that are actually still
manufactured in Germany they're not made
in North Carolina and I'm not gonna
disparage the Bosch dishwasher's that
are made in the state because I own one
it's a great dishwasher but this is
going back to the roots of what Bosch is
all about it's made in Germany and it's
absolutely I would definitely recommend
checking these things out they're great
pieces if there's any questions of
course it goes read to be Jonathan
Curtis calm I am the appliance Deutz
peace
you